user_prompt_general = input("[MIGRATION] General migration plan:") : traslate the code to Java
user_prompt_stack = input("[MIGRATION] Specify a new stack:")   : Java



Technology Stack Selection:

For the hotel management system, we will migrate from Python to Java, utilizing the Spring Boot framework for a robust and modular backend. Specific technologies and tools within the target stack include:

1. Java 11: As the primary programming language, Java offers a mature ecosystem, excellent tooling, and strong community support.
2. Spring Boot: A production-grade framework that provides rapid application development and deployment capabilities, along with built-in support for security, transactions, and data access.
3. Spring Data: A module within the Spring ecosystem that simplifies data access and provides integration with various databases, including relational and NoSQL databases.
4. Hibernate: A popular Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) tool for Java that simplifies database interactions and mapping between Java objects and relational database tables.
5. Thymeleaf: A modern server-side templating engine for creating rich and dynamic web pages, integrated with Spring Boot.

Architecture and Design Patterns:

1. Microservices Architecture: To take advantage of Java's modularity and scalability, we will adopt a microservices architecture, where each core functionality (e.g., guests, rooms, reservations) is a separate service.
2. Repository Pattern: Implement the Repository pattern for data access, which abstracts the underlying data store and provides a consistent interface for data manipulation.
3. Domain-Driven Design (DDD): Utilize DDD principles to define rich domain models, ensuring a clear separation of concerns and improved maintainability.

Component-by-Component Migration Strategy:

1. config.py:
        * Map to: A Java configuration class annotated with `@Configuration` that initializes and manages global variables and configurations.
        * Adjustments: Replace Python dictionaries with Java Maps or Java classes for storing configurations.
2. controller.py:
        * Map to: Spring Data repositories and Spring service classes for managing data access and business logic.
        * Adjustments: Replace direct database access with Hibernate and Spring Data methods.
3. gui/:
        * Map to: Thymeleaf templates and Spring MVC controllers for creating the user interface.
        * Adjustments: Replace Python GUI components with Thymeleaf templates and Spring MVC controllers.

Data Migration Plan:

1. Export the existing data from the SQLite database to a format compatible with the target database (e.g., CSV, JSON).
2. Write a Java utility to import the data into the new database, using Hibernate and Spring Data to map the data to Java objects.
3. Ensure data consistency and integrity by comparing the data in the old and new databases before decommissioning the old system.

Implementation Roadmap:

1. Set up the Java and Spring Boot development environment.
2. Create the initial project structure, including packages for each microservice and the data access layer.
3. Implement the data access layer using Spring Data repositories and Hibernate.
4. Implement the business logic layer using Spring service classes.
5. Implement the user interface using Thymeleaf templates and Spring MVC controllers.
6. Migrate the data from the SQLite database to the target database.
7. Test and validate the new system, ensuring feature parity with the old system.
8. Gradually deploy the new microservices, retiring the old system in phases to minimize disruption.